Concurrency in Swift by Apple (#6004)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: src/data/roadmaps/ios/content/concurrency@-aLGB3cDXZHIhVU3t-Ve4.md

> # Concurrency
> Concurrency is a fundamental concept in modern software development,
> allowing multiple tasks to run simultaneously, leading to more efficient
> and responsive applications.
> 
> A new tool on swift for convenient work with concurrency created by Apple.
> 
> [@official@Swift Documentation (How to interact)](https://docs.swift.org/swift-book/documentation/the-swift-programming-language/concurrency/)
> 
> [@official@Apple Documentation (Signatures for interaction)](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swift/concurrency)
> 
> [@article@Concurrency bu Example](https://www.hackingwithswift.com/quick-start/concurrency)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Concurrency
Swift's concurrency model centers on async/await syntax, allowing asynchronous code to be written in a clear, sequential manner. It employs actors to manage shared mutable state safely, and the Task API for handling concurrent work. Structured concurrency ensures proper task lifecycle management. The language also offers async sequences and streams for working with asynchronous data, and the Sendable protocol to guarantee thread-safe data sharing. This comprehensive approach enables developers to write efficient, safe concurrent code while minimizing common issues like race conditions and deadlocks.

Learn more from the following resources:

- [@official@Swift Documentation (How to interact)](https://docs.swift.org/swift-book/documentation/the-swift-programming-language/concurrency/)
- [@official@Apple Documentation (Signatures for interaction)](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swift/concurrency)
- [@article@Concurrency bu Example](https://www.hackingwithswift.com/quick-start/concurrency)
```
